# Conditions of Participation of Gnosis Ecosystem (Cayman) Ltd (“Gnosis”)
Thank you for your interest in participating in testing of the Metri wallet and the interaction with the Circles protocol via the Metri wallet (“Astronaut Program”).
Please read these Conditions of Participation as well as the Privacy Notice carefully before registering. By registering, you agree to these Conditions of Participation.
## 1. REGISTRATION FOR THE ASTRONAUT PROGRAM
If you have agreed with Gnosis that you will participate in the Astronaut Program regarding the use of our Products, you will receive a confirmation of your registration. Registration as a participant of the Astronaut Program is free of charge and voluntary. You can request to have your data deleted from the database at any time. For more information on how we handle your personal data and how we ensure that it is protected, please see our Privacy Policy (https://www.metri.xyz/privacy-policy).
## 2. PARTICIPATION IN THE ASTRONAUT PROGRAM
You are invited to identify security vulnerabilities (“Bug”) affecting Gnosis’ Infrastructure (as defined below) and report the Bug to Gnosis. You acknowledge that there is no remuneration for participating in the Astronaut Program.
All Confidential Information, Submissions and any Derivatives (as defined below) are the sole and exclusive property of Gnosis and no licence or other rights to such Confidential Information, Derivatives or any intellectual property rights of Gnosis are granted or hereby implied. 
“Confidential Information” shall mean: a) any technical and non-technical information submitted and/or disclosed by you to Gnosis whether orally or in writing related to Gnosis’ products, network, systems, software, storage, services, applications, protocols, user interfaces, source code, smart contracts, specifications, production keys, websites, or other Gnosis property or technology infrastructure (“Gnosis’ Infrastructure”); b) potential bugs, vulnerabilities, viruses or other security weaknesses in or affecting Gnosis’ Infrastructure, including for example and without limitation, information concerning the Bug identified by you and reported to Gnosis (the “Submissions”); c) any technical and non-technical information disclosed by Gnosis to you whether orally or in writing, and whether or not marked confidential or proprietary, related to Gnosis' Infrastructure; business; current, future and proposed products and services; or security status, including for example and without limitation, remediation plans for any identified bugs, vulnerabilities, viruses, security weaknesses, development, design details, or specifications.
“Derivatives” shall mean: (a) for copyrightable or copyrighted material, any translation, abridgment, condensation, revision, modification, enhancement, expansion or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (b) for patentable or patented material, any improvement thereon; and (c) for material that is protected by trade secret, any new material derived from such existing trade secret material, including new material which may be protected under copyright, patent and/or trade secret laws. 
## 3. NONDISCLOSURE AND NONUSE OBLIGATIONS
You agree to:
3.1	securely maintain the Confidential Information in trust and confidence;
3.2 not disseminate, or in any way disclose any of the Confidential Information to any third party, except as authorized by Gnosis in writing; 
3.3 take all reasonable precautions to preserve the confidentiality of Confidential Information;
3.4 immediately notify Gnosis in writing of any loss or unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information; and
3.5 not use any such Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with: (i) the identification and reporting of the Bug exclusively to Gnosis; (ii) the provision of all information, cooperation and assistance to Gnosis as it may reasonably require or request to fully understand the Bug. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Submissions constitute Confidential Information and you agree not to disclose the Submissions, or any information contained therein, to any third party unless Gnosis has given written consent to its disclosure. 
You agree not to exploit or attempt to exploit the Bug or otherwise harm or attempt to harm any of Gnosis’ Infrastructure (or the users thereof) by any means. 
Gnosis reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to disclose the Confidential Information to third parties, and nothing in these Conditions of Participation shall be construed as a prohibition, limitation or restriction on Gnosis’ right to disclose the Confidential Information.
## 4. RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY 
Neither Gnosis nor its employees, agents, processors or subcontractors shall be liable to you in any way, in particular for any damage or loss in connection with your participation or non-participation in the Astronaut Program, the content or linked information relating to the Astronaut Program or third-party websites.
## 5. TERMINATION AND EXCLUSION 
Gnosis reserves the right to exclude you from participating in the Astronaut Program if you violate these Conditions of Participation or obstruct the Astronaut Program.
Both you and Gnosis can terminate the participation at any time. Claims for damages due to the termination of the participation cannot be asserted.
## 6. MISCELLANEOUS 
If any provision or part-provision of these Conditions of Participation are or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of these Conditions of Participation. The remaining provisions remain unaffected and effective.
These Conditions of Participation and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. Both, Gnosis and you irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with these Conditions of Participation. The exclusive place of jurisdiction is London.
